# Rogue Sky

You are a Lord of Death, finally bringing judgement upon the world that has slept from you for too long. The men and beasts of this world stand no chance against your full might, but the journey from Beyond has left you weakened, drained of magic. How good that in your flight from Hell you landed on the outskirts of the skystones, the magical floating rocks that civilization is built on. You have time now... time to gain power before your the true danger is known.
Your ultimate objective is to destroy the capital city of Men. Should that fall, none shall stand in your way. However, humanity will not roll over and let you take it - gain strength before your ultimate siege and victory!

The player can use three actions at any time:
1. left click to do a basic attack. This attack is, unarmed, almost useless, but various weapons may be obtained which can make it an incredibly powerful tool. The three classes of weapons are swords, which are useless against terrain but mobile and deadly to Men, maces, which cause forceful knockback and destroy terrain, and magic, which usually causes no knockback but has improved range over the other two options.
1. right click to channel raw magic, which will immediately kill all plant life in a small area around you and turn them into raw magic power. You can continue holding right click to channel more mana into it. Once you let go of right click, you start losing raw magic at a slow rate. Additionally, based on how much power you have charged, terrain will start to crack and crumble around you. When you right click again, you release all the charge in a violent blast, which can level buildings and deal enourmous damage if enough charge was stored up.
1. a key to summon the dead, which also grants mana. Of course, there needs to be dead around you before you can summon them, but once you get some corpses you can cause them to rise and do your bidding. Three types of undead exist: skeletons, who will stay near you and attack nearby foes, ghouls, who walk, tunnel, and gnaw towards a goal with uncanny zeal, or a wraith which will frighten a group of enemies, causing them to take more knockback and flee if their health is low. The Lord of Death's presence heals any units nearby him, but this healing is spread across all nearby allies. Additionally, time quickly harms skeletons, so if there are too many of them they will start to all perish until around 4 remain.

Additionally, the player may equip items which boost their ability. The can put on 4 rings, each of which gives a minor (or major) bonus to statistics or has a passive effect. Special gauntlets also grant the Lord of Death another power which they may use after raising a number of dead. And the player may choose a weapon that is a sword, mace, or spellbook. Additionally, items may be disenchanted for a small amount of mana.

Mana is like "scrap" from FTL - it can do many different things. Not only is it used to charge raw magic, it can also be imbued into items to grant them a new random effect, but it also can be used at certain locations to fabricate a new item from thin air or to gain permanent bonuses.
Additionally, to exit each island, a warp gate is needed. To operate the warp gate, one must sacrifice all their mana OR disenchant 3 magic items at it (each island should offer opportunities to gain 5 or 6 magic items).

There are 5 factions of units: Men, beasts, humanoids, monsters, and undead. Men and humanoids will attack every other faction (humanoids won't attack beasts); beasts will attack Men, but leave others alone; monsters will attack everything and are the rarest; undead will attack everything except you, and can be bent to your will when you encounter them.
